ARP Scapy Review:
	1. After creating Ether() et al you can ls(Ether) or ls(a) to see available fields
	2. Creating an ARP request lets you impersonate an automated protocol
	3. Taking it a step further you could set the target ip to broadcast, incrementing the 
		last octet by 1 each time.
	4. We should never see host-to-host comms in a domain (like ours) so every activity or
		mobilization should have defense included.
	5. Seeing a bunch of arp requests with no follow-on traffic is an indicator bc it
		would usually be one sent to the default gateway.
	6. Offensively, this scan is much quieter than a ping sweep. Also, ping is more suspicious
		than arp bc pings are human-initiated.

ICMPv6 RA (Rtr Advertisement) Scapy Review:
	1. If IPv6 is enabled on a victim, you have a potentially quiet vector if they're only 
		monitoring IPv4.
	2. The objective is pretending to be an authorized giver of host addresses.
	3. Works on IPv6 without DHCP enabled bc you're impersonating a Rtr not a DHCP Svr.
	4. NICs usually own/lease/borrow multiple IPv6 addresses.
	5. Scapy is probably too well-known to do much offense with it.


NETWORKING RECON

Social Engineering
	1. Whaling
	2. Phishing (see Kevin Mitnik)
	3. Vishing (voice solicitation)
	4. Recruiter Fraud

Passive vs Active Scanning - the difference is contact

Open Source Research
	1. whois
	2. Shodan
	3. IANA

Port Scans
	1. nmap, netcat, Scapy
	2. SYN scan (half-open)
	3. ACK scan (may pass the firewall if it thinks a SYN-ACK could've gone out)
	4. Null, X-mas Tree or FIN scans (stealthy)
	5. UDP scan (no handshake may fool a stateful FW)

TCP Flags
	1. Christmas Trees
	2. RSTs???

**Fingerprint a box/OS passively with P0F - sniff their traffic and use contents to ID an OS
	LOOKS AT:
	1. IP version
	2. Intial TTL
	3. IP Options
	4. MSS
	5. TCP Options
	6. Payload Class

Rtr/Switch Configs
	1. User Exec mode
	2. Priv Exec mode
	3. Global Config mode
	4. Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP), LLDP, FDP, 
	5. Enable password / Enable Secret
	6. Remote access - Telnet
	7. IP Source Routing - how you want your pkt to traverse the internal network
		(single point of failure as opposed to dynamic routing)
	8. Logging - catch bad guys / cover tracks (remote logging is critical)

